# Ordo

Pre-Vatican II Roman Catholic Ordo with proper readings indicated for the Divine Office and the Mass.

### Python Specifications

Python 3

### How it Works

#### Overview

The temporal cycle is generated by a funtion as a dictionary. The sanctoral cycle is proper to each diocese, is a pre-built dictionary and is combined with the temporal cycle after the latter is generated.

The result is a dictionary containing:

1. A liturgical calendar proper to an specified diocese (or several dioceses);
2. Indications of the peculiarities of the office of that day;
3. An ordo for the Mass of that day, or multiple Masses, if applicable.

#### Details

##### Feasts

Each feast has a six-item list associated with it: the first five items are digits or boolean values and the last is the abbreviated rank of the feast. The digits represent:

1. The value of an occuring feast;
2. The value of an object of occurance;
3. The value of the concurring feast;
4. The value of the object of concurrance;
5. The dignity of the feast.

##### Temporal Calendar

Easter is the first feast (every 'event' is treated as a feast) to be determined, since most of the liturgical year depends upon the date of Easter. Christmas, being static with regard to its date, requires that we only find the day of the week on which it falls. We begin building the temporal calendar with 01-01.

##### Sanctoral Calendar

### Progress

- [x] Temporal Calendar
- [ ] Combined Temporal and Sanctoral Calendar
- [ ] Masses
- [ ] Vespers
- [ ] Colors of Mass and Office
- [ ] Lessons for Laudes
- [ ] Prime
- [ ] Little Hours
- [ ] Solemnities
- [ ] Australian Calendar
- [ ] Canadian Calendar
